Throughout the section you'll learn a lot about routing you know how to set up routes to load them both
through route link or programmatically how to pass parents query parents how to use that data how to
load different components and much more.
One important feature is left in this module which I definitely want to cover.
Roud guards.
So basically functionality logic code which is executed before a route is loaded or once you want to
leave a route.
Let's start with the simple use case.
Let's say you only want to give access to your server component your single server component or the
edit server component.
If a user is locked in now we're not going to add a full log in functionality for this.
We will later have the authentication section in this course but who will fake it for now.
Still we want to check this before any of our supperless year.
So service free service one.
And then also the added routes are accessed now manually checking this in the ON IN IT function on our
server and edits server component would be very cumbersome because you wouldn't have to add it in both
components and if you add more components belonging to the service feature you would have to add this
over and over again.
So therefore we want to use a feature built into the angler router running some code before the component
is loaded.
We will use the can activate guard and we will do so in the next lecture